today we're going to explore Beth's
treasures the treasures that Beth left
behind at in our garage okay first of
all we have Beth's rocks these are rocks
that Beth used to eat okay maybe i'll
show you a little bit more that later
let's see what we have up here up here
save it something very very special more
of Beth's eating rocks well I think they
call it mica ah some more cancers the
bezel set aside some very special
material kind of uh the gourmet de crazy
gourmet de crazy it's more of Beth rocks
that she's saving for a hungry day but
wait there's more of Beth rocks
because she's saving for a crazy day so
here we have best rock eating collection
we need to save in our garage in case
Beth gets home Bree I'm gonna mess her
up cesses definitely gonna miss out on a
meal when I take her food and give it
back to nature or three and this
concludes my tour of gourmet Beth what